
rpkiMonitorGUI
==================

1 Introduction
--------------

This tool provides a web interface for monitoring BGP RPKI-RTR cache's
and client information on a network.  This package is Perl based.  It
gathers information from the RPKI-RTR clients using SNMP to get data
from the RPKI-RTR-MIB (http://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/rfc6945/).  It
gathers data from the Rcynic RPKI-RTR cache
(http://rpki.net/wiki/doc/RPKI/RP/rcynic).

2 Requirements
--------------

To build and run:
  * Perl
  * Perl Dancer
  * net-snmp-utils

3 Compilation
-------------

perl Makefile.pl


4 Using
-------

run bin/app.pl.  Use a web browser to connect to the GUI.  By default,
the web server runs on port 3000.  Currently the configuration is done
within the lib/rpkiMonitorGui.pm file.  The config hashes in that file
can be configured to indicate the cache RPKI-RTR-MIB sources (snmpv2c
supported) and the Rcynic rcynic.xml files to use as sources.


License
-------

Copyright (c) 2016, Parsons, Corp.
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

*  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

*  Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

*  Neither the name of Parsons, Corp nor the names of its contributors may
   be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software
   without specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS
IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

LICENSE
